whoa I was stepping that energy
that's right she just called that shaky
the United States brings all kinds of
solid waste to produce electricity
including poo poo dee dee dee tttt I
like fishy yes I do I would put my fish
in the dicks to wait a minute yeah it's
a big fish these are gonna help me out
please oh I would not let it get away
I've got to moby dick you know hey wait
a minute I think I've got him oh I
cannot this is a job for a proficient
sending the bear roar they're hungry
cannot afford this sandwich at
McDonald's
little weak out gonna take a picture of
my fish great success but he won't fool
me twice I will certainly take a picture
kind stranger what a citizen thank you
you're welcome salutations oh look this
fish has that's about solid waste on it
first you burn the solid waste and then
it gets turned into energy much the same
way that fossil fuels is turned into
energy you go away Oh
nice help does someone need help oh
thank god it's the alternate energy
source of solid waste is the way much
better than any other alternative energy
source man yes it is i alternate energy
source of solid waste it's so very much
better than any other alternate energy
source mad my arch-nemesis Cola so you
think you can just reach me because we
both put whose carbon dioxide you and
your ally fossil fuels contribute one
third of the total co2 emissions but my
co two processes part of the natural
cycle and my combustion ashes recycled
yes I did say recycled waste
now I will destroy you by generating
electricity while reducing the amount I
birth by up to ninety percent in volume
in 75% in waste you scoundrel cuz I'm
solid waste wins again